README.md, before:

# Discord-Bot
## Important Note: Some may ask why is this public. This will be explained later in the faqs. This will be a fully functional, all-purpose discord bot. 
## This bot will be server specific so if you want a bot specific to your server, and you have a bit of coding experience, you can edit the code accordingly.
## There are a few ways to host the bot. A free way would be hosting it on repl using uptime bot or if you are willing to spend a bit for a trusted and official hosting, just get a cheap vps and host the bot on it.
## Some faqs:
## \> Why are you giving the source code for free? <br>Ans: I don't really know. I just like to help, and I was learning how to code a bot so here is some help.
## \> Why would we waste time in setting up your bot if we can get one like carl bot? <br>And. Yes you surely can. I prefer a server based bot as they indicate professionalism in your server and also it is easier to fix bugs, and it is more reliable rather than just waiting for a popular bot to come back online.

## This bot is still is beta and there are many commands left. I hope I get enough time to complete this bot and everyone uses it. Even if you are creating your own bot and are here for just a part of code or just a command, please just leave a review or star the repository as that just gives me more confidence that the code I wrote is useful.
# Thank You!

Commit message:

Updated README with new plans

README.md, after:

# Discord-Bot
## Important Note: Some may ask why is this public. This will be explained later in the faqs. This will be a fully functional, all-purpose discord bot. <br><br>
## My plans have changed and now this is going to be a dynamic-multi-server-compatible bot. Don't worry, this will still be a open source bot.<br><br>
## If you still wish to host the bot on your own by rebranding it, you are more than welcome to do it for free but on one condition that in either the `ping` command or the `help` command, you link this repository. You can do it like: <br><br> In Embeds -> [Source Code](https://github.com/KrishGarg/Discord-Bot) <br>In Normal Messages -↓ <br>Link to bot's source code: <br>https://github.com/KrishGarg/Discord-Bot<br><br>*Link to the repository might change in future<br>I hope that you follow the above if you rebrand my code. :) <br><br>
## Some faqs:
## \> Why are you giving the source code for free? <br>Ans: I don't really know. I just like to help, and I was learning how to code a bot so here is some help.<br><br>I couldn't really think of any more FAQ's so feel free to ask me questions.<br><br>
## This bot is still is beta and there are many commands left. I hope I get enough time to complete this bot and everyone uses it. Even if you are creating your own bot and are here for just a part of code or just a command, please just leave a review or star the repository as that just gives me more confidence that the code I wrote is useful.<br><br>
## Because of the change of plans, this project will take even longer but I assure you that I will try my best to make this bot capable enough that you won't need any other bot in your server and my bot will be able to help you in everything!<br><br>
# Thank You!
